[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>DARRYL SCHOON: For
the last 800 years,
we've had periods of stability.
And we know them, cultural
stability, economic stability,
political stability.
These ages are
always interrupted
by waves of rising prices.
At the deepest
metaphysical sense,
power is only one source, it.
But no matter how much power
or how little power you have,
no one's in control.
And that makes everybody
nervous, even the ones
with a lot of power.
And I learned personally
tremendous lessons
that there is an underlying
current that you can depend on.
It's like you are on the deck
of a ship in tremendous storms.
And the power of the ship goes
up, and all you see is sky.
And then the wave breaks,
and all you see is the water.
It says you don't know
what's going to happen.
You're not in control.
And that's why
you're freaked out.
Give me today.
Give me tomorrow.
Just be.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: I'm sure it
has not escaped your attention
that the price of
food, even services,
has been rising pretty rapidly.
Packages are smaller
while prices are rising,
and it's not going to stop.
So how did we end up here?
And what is the end game?
Darryl Schoon is
back with us to dive
deep into where we are
historically in the economy
because these are
cycles, and you've
done a beautiful job
of delineating them.
And you've also done a beautiful
job of actually predicting
patterns and future events too.
So because things are so crazy,
I mean, simple things like--
I mean, every day, I'm
finding about new things.
For example, in
California, if you
want to put some cleansing
tablets in your swimming pool,
they just doubled in price.
Why did they just double
in price in California?
Because during COVID,
everybody started
building swimming pools.
The manufacturers
start taking advantage.
It's the craziest little
things to all the food
in the markets, just shocking
rises in prices and shortages.
Even Trader Joe's,
certain things that are
staples you can't get anymore.
Our world has changed
in the last two years.
So I want to talk
to you about it.
But first of all, let's
talk about the endgame.
Did you want to make a
comment before we go on?
>>DARRYL: I want to
make a comment about--
>>REGINA: Not the
endgame, but the reset.
>>DARRYL: But this
goes into that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARRYL: And this is a source
that in 1996, a professor wrote
a book called-- his name
was David Hackett Fischer
and he wrote a book called "The
Great Wave: Price Revolutions
and the Rhythm of History."
And he pointed out that
for the last 800 years,
we've had periods of stability.
And we know them, cultural
stability, economic stability,
political stability.
And we know them by names
like the Middle Ages,
the Renaissance, the
Age of Enlightenment.
And he calls the current age the
Age of Victorian Equilibrium,
all right?
>>REGINA: Right now?
>>DARRYL: Right now.
>>REGINA: Victorian equilibrium?
>>DARRYL: And he said
these ages are always
interrupted by waves
of rising prices that
arise out of the prosperity
and reach a peak.
And that rise is accompanied
by increasing disasters,
upsettlements, things
going sideways.
And they culminate when
that great wave breaks.
And that brings that
current age to a collapse
of cultural,
political, economic,
and religious
institutions, which
makes way for another age.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I was going to
say, isn't that by necessity?
I mean, isn't that what happens
with everything even in nature?
>>DARRYL: Well, and we
are a part of nature.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>DARRYL: It doesn't matter how
reified or extreme our thinking
has gotten, where we've
dissociated from not only
nature but from the
life itself, we--
Regina, if anything, these last
200 years or the last 2,000
years has culminated
in us becoming
dissociated from who we are.
We don't know who
we are, all right?
My joke used to be--
in fact, my new book
"Docking To the
Mothership," all right,
that's going to come out.
The genesis of it was for years,
I was going to write a book
and I was going to say, my
battle against mental illness.
I think, oh, Darryl
was mentally insane.
What's wrong with him?
And I'd say, I was
living this life
and I was working hard,
just like everybody else.
Well, where's the
mental illness?
And the implication,
what I'm going to say
is just because you're
ambulatory does not
mean you're mentally healthy.
You're just functioning.
What we call mental illness
is at the level of where
you're no longer ambulatory.
You're a danger to
yourself and others.
That's when you fall
off the other end.
But the truth is what
we have on this planet
as a collective consciousness
is an extreme case
of mental dissociation
from source.
All right?
And that is about
to be rectified,
which is not exactly
where I thought
I was going to take this.
>>REGINA: We always
leave it open for Darryl
to go where he needs to go.
>>DARRYL: Now, David
Hackett Fischer
pointed out these rising
waves of inflation
that interrupt and
take down every epic.
In 1896, he said
inflation started
rising during the Age of
Victorian Equilibrium.
It takes anywhere from
80 to 160 years to crest.
In 1996, he wrote
his book and he said,
we are approaching the
final stages, perhaps
the last and critical stage
before this all comes down.
Homelessness, drug use, family--
>>REGINA: Mass insanity.
>>DARRYL: --mass insanity,
religious fervor,
rising prices, political
uncertainty, all these things.
So he said it, all right?
And I read it.
And what we do, Regina,
at least what I do
is I notice that we all have
bigger pictures of reality.
Atheists do.
Jehovah Witnesses do.
Muslims do.
Born-again Christians do.
We all have our little
big picture, all right?
And the data that we
take out of there,
we pick and choose so it
fits with our picture.
Well, I'm like everybody
else, all right?
Except my picture radically
changed in the Haight-Ashbury.
I went from law school,
studying torts, property,
all this kind of stuff.
A year later, I'm
running the food section
of the Avalon Ballroom.
I am taking acid.
I'm smoking up.
And I'm with a bunch
of hippies a year
before I thought were crazy.
A year later, I can no
longer call them crazy
because I was one of them.
And the worldview
that came in, which
is very rudimentary
then, very rudimentary,
the Age of Aquarius,
peace, love,
let your love light shine.
I can't say that I
really believed that then
because I was so recently
out of law school.
55 years later,
Regina, I'm hard.
>>REGINA: You've got it.
[LAUGHS]
>>DARRYL: I'm hard.
>>REGINA: You're a hippy.
>>DARRYL: Peace, love, and joy.
And David Hackett
Fischer, what he said
coincided exactly
with the foundation
that we were given then.
Edgar Cayce talked
about a Golden Age
after severe Earth
changes, all right?
And so what we're seeing is the
culmination of not just the Age
of Victorian Equilibrium,
but my belief
is we're seeing a
balancing of our universe,
of our particular part of
the universe that has never
happened before, a
balancing between the two
polarities that we recognize
as yin-yang, male-female,
or whatever, and reason
and emotion, all right?
And that's why the
longer a paradigm has
been in effect, the deeper
and the more chaotic
the disruption, all right?
And I think that
I'm particularly
lucky at this moment
because my attachment to it
was uprooted by being
in the Haight-Ashbury.
If I had stayed in
law school, I would
be really worried about the law
firm that I was associated with
and what was going to
happen to my huge 401(k).
I'd be looking at it.
My third wife, fourth wife,
I'd have a lot of stuff
out there, all right?
But it got ripped
away at that time.
Because I like to
have things, it
got periodically ripped away
along the way, all right?
And I learned personally
tremendous lessons,
that there is an
underlying current that you
can depend on that gives you--
And I hope that the people--
because people who
are hearing this,
it depends, of course,
on who they are.
And for those who don't
know or can't relate
to what I am talking to you
about an underlying current,
I hope that they
find it in this time.
And the fact that they
haven't found it before
doesn't mean they won't
find it, because it's
very often the
latest to the parties
are the hardest, take it with
the most belief and fervor.
>>REGINA: That is true.
And this really, to me,
gets into the subject
that's also bandied about
very loosely called ascension.
We have all kinds of
ascension communities, right?
And to me, it seems paralleling
what you were talking about,
that what ascension
is, is we understand
and we intuitively
as a species know
we do have this brilliant
time to look forward to,
but we have a little bit of poo
to wade through to get there.
And to me, that ascension
is the letting go
of our attachment to
material everything,
letting go to an extent
of the material world
and moving closer
in relationship,
as you said to start, with our
true self, with the cosmos,
with our Earth, and
with each other, going
more towards spirit and
less toward materialism.
I think that is ascension.
>>DARRYL: That is true.
And one extreme of ascension,
it is the spiritual drive
to get of the material plane.
The association of
this with desire,
with fear, with greed,
with all these things,
and our sin and rise above it.
>>REGINA: But desire is
what creates everything.
>>DARRYL: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You got
to still have that.
>>DARRYL: Exactly.
But the ascension,
I'll get above it.
That's--
>>REGINA: The whole thing.
>>DARRYL: --because you
just want to get out
of here, which I understand.
OK, now, at the
other end, ascension
has a completely
different meaning,
though it's just as
radical a shift, all right?
And to me, this came
in just very recently,
last week, the
concept, a new look
at what I had called the
middle way, all right?
The middle way between the
extreme spiritual denial
of the physical plane,
the physical body,
and the physical reality.
>>REGINA: Which we can't do.
We're earthlings.
>>DARRYL: No.
But most people's feeling
here, they beat themselves up.
They go and they become
assholes to other people,
like this, that little
prude look on their face,
piety because they se people
absolutely indulging in it.
Because the truth is pain is a
part of the process of duality.
And one of the fallbacks
from pain is pleasure.
I know this.
I know that if I didn't
like food so much,
I would have been a junkie
in my early 20s, all right?
And I didn't like
downers, so God
set that as I wasn't
going to go on that path,
and forced me
because I was going
to eat myself to-- force me up.
I can.
I was the beneficiary of that.
But you can't escape
from suffering
by denial or pleasure.
You can, but that's not what
the universe wants you to do.
No, the universe does not.
And the universe does
not want you to go back.
I am among the lucky few, if
I may say so, that I got back.
And I talked about this on
our last program, Regina.
When I was in prison,
a long prison sentence,
I meditated like--
>>REGINA: Dealing
hallucinogenics and stuff,
yeah.
>>DARRYL: Well, other stuff.
>>REGINA: Other stuff too, yeah.
>>DARRYL: It was by dharma.
And I heard something that
said, because I had learned
to flip with
controlling reality,
I retired by keeping my mind on.
I'm retired, 1976--
>>REGINA: Eye on the prize.
>>DARRYL: --I got it, all right?
And then I ran through
the course in miracles
and it said, turn
it over, let go.
I lost everything,
went into poverty,
flipped back, got it again.
And then having it again the
third time, I read these words.
Your use of thought to
control your reality
is an inappropriate use of
this power at this time.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's direct.
>>DARRYL: It was right for me.
>>REGINA: Meant for you.
>>DARRYL: From a
book that had been
written sixty years
before, all right,
"Thinking & Destiny,"
channel book.
It said, you are using thought--
it said because at this
time, much of what you learn
comes through
adversity, and you are
using thought to keep
these situations away
from you that you need.
Well, at that time, I was living
in a $4,500 monthly 1981--
>>REGINA: Yeah, living it large.
>>DARRYL: --and
live in Mill Valley.
And there it is.
Holy smokes, I couldn't deny it.
>>REGINA: Did you recognize
it in that moment?
>>DARRYL: Of course, I did.
>>REGINA: Good.
>>DARRYL: But I
wasn't ready because I
had let go before I
lost everything twice.
Now it's telling me
third time's the charm.
So I threw the I Ching again.
It said, no.
I closed my eyes, asked
myself, can I use affirmations?
No.
One year later, 10-year
prison sentence.
Out of that prison
sentence, I got a period
of temporary enlightenment.
The words time of the
vulture came to me
that set a foundation for
why I'm even here today.
Everything that I can say
that why I am talking to you
or why you are talking to me
came from me being in prison.
Then I would not have
said, sign me up.
Yeah, oh, sure.
Hey, let me do that.
I want to go further.
Yeah, I'll do that.
No.
You can't, all right?
And what came out of
it was the middle way.
And what I was--
I was told this years
ago in a trance thing,
that I have explored
the material levels.
And I have.
>>REGINA: You have.
You really did it up.
>>DARRYL: I wrote in my novel--
I said, I've had
so much that I know
what indigestion is, all right?
Of what people want
right, all right?
And I've had it.
And I got that sense
of enlightenment.
Not even asking the question.
And then it went away.
I wondered-- I wondered for
decades, why did you go away?
Like I was there.
And what I was told
last week in another--
it came to me that I was--
I'm not supposed to be here
in the extreme material
nor there in extreme--
>>REGINA: In extreme denial.
>>DARRYL: --extreme spiritual.
>>REGINA: Yeah, which is denial
of the material completely.
>>DARRYL: Yeah,
totally at one back.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>DARRYL: I'm supposed
to walk the middle way.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>DARRYL: The middle way.
Walk here knowing that.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>DARRYL: And that's what it is.
>>REGINA: I agree with you.
The problem is, we're
not in the middle way.
We've gone way too far
over into the extreme world
of materialism, our
minds being bent
and dragged around like
puppy dogs with algorithms.
You need this.
Here is the next this.
Why don't you to have this?
And that's putting us--
that's put us in a bind,
in the bind we're in now.
And we're going to talk
about cyclically also.
And it's partly our own
buy-in and decisions
that have made this cycle.
But first, before that, I want
to talk about the Great Reset.
Now, it started out and it came
to my vision maybe, oh, 10, 12
years ago when people--
groups of people had
boards they were watching
and they were going to buy up
the dinar and the Vietnamese--
what is it there?
Whatever the--
>>DARRYL: The dong.
>>REGINA: Dong, right?
>>DARRYL: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Dong and so forth.
And then--
>>DARRYL: As opposed
to the American dong.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
the American dong.
>>DARRYL: Vietnamese dong.
>>REGINA: And make millions
and millions of dollars.
And I thought, oh, that
sounds kind of fun.
So I bought a couple of
little sheets of dinar
and put it away to
watch as a game.
Well, of course,
nothing happened.
Now, it's been 10, 12
years, something like that.
But that was what
reset was called then.
>>DARRYL: Very good.
Very good.
>>REGINA: Now let's talk-- and
now it's in mainstream news.
What the heck?
Everyone's using the word reset.
>>DARRYL: You know, Regina,
I made my reputation
in the field of talking
about gold and money.
And started in 2007.
I got so popular out
there that, in 2011, I
had 62 pages on a Google
search for my name.
>>REGINA: That's a lot.
>>DARRYL: OK?
I'm down to one now because
I don't write anymore.
But 62 pages, that's
a lot, all right?
And my audience is
that extreme material.
All male.
I spoke in Europe, Australia.
All guys-- there's a few women--
asking hard questions
about a hard reality
that I was able to give
some answers to, OK?
And so I saw this thing
coming from the reset.
Now, why?
We all are-- none of us
are in control of this.
None of us.
Some may have more power.
The person who has the least
amount of power physically
is the person who's
a quadriplegic
and can't even move
the physical body.
There are those in this game
who have a lot of power.
They have money.
They have influence.
People phone them when
they want things done.
But no matter how much power
or how little power you have,
no one's in control.
And that makes everybody
nervous, even the ones
with a lot of power.
I used to say, the difference
between credit and money
is like the difference
between power and control.
They're not the same.
And to learn what the
difference comes at a cost.
>>REGINA: Tell us the difference
between power and control.
>>DARRYL: Power is
something you accrue here
on the physical plane.
But at the deepest
metaphysical sense,
power is only one source.
It, all right?
And you could have temporal
power here in a certain area
but you don't tap that.
You can have very little
temporal power here
but a tremendous amount of
metaphysical power there.
And never the twain
shall meet, perhaps.
But what I wanted to say that
in context of the Great Reset,
it explains why the
idea of reset came.
The people who I was writing
to or wrote about money,
they knew our money was a
fraud, that it no longer had
anything of value and that is--
we're one year away from the
1,000 year anniversary of paper
money, which came to China.
Why did China come
up with paper money?
Well, they invented paper
and they invented ink.
>>REGINA: And
there's your money.
>>DARRYL: And the government
liked power, all right?
So they gave it out.
They cut it down to a back
into 47% copper to the paper
and put it out there.
And 50 years later,
they spent more money,
they went broke, all right?
Over the next 600 years, five
Chinese dynasties went down.
They outlawed it
in China in 1661.
And 30 years later,
Bank of England
came up but not so
much as fiat money
itself, which it was, but
as the mechanism of debt.
That's the difference
between fiat in Asia and fiat
that we have now.
fiat now is not so much money
is that it's conveyor of debt
because the bankers
control it here, all right?
Now, what I'm saying
is the idea that
knowing that our
very money system is
somebody using it to
benefit themselves
and not you is disturbing.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>DARRYL: And so couple
that with the idea
that you're not in
control, all right?
You know you're not in control.
They are.
No.
I'm going to say this to the
boys about the Great Reset.
And I may not be true.
But I certainly believe it.
>>REGINA: Which is?
>>DARRYL: The boys who
have the power, who
are behind fiat, who
are sitting there
having these phone
calls right now,
they're not in control either.
And the fact that they
have more power than us--
the relative
power-- doesn't mean
they're in control even
though it looks like that.
You know, when I
was in prison, I
noticed one thing about being
in prison-- a lot of rumors.
And why-- and I came to
the conclusion there's
a lot of rumors because
people have no power.
I mean, I was at
the highest level.
People were used
to being in power.
They're used to having
things, all right?
Now they were-- and oh,
we're being moved over there.
Rumor, rumor, rumor, rumor.
A function of the
loss of power--
of control.
A function of the
loss of control.
So the idea of the reset,
the people who have the power
are not in control.
And I know they thought--
that was part of the
why they're going down now.
They had so much
power they began
to believe they're in control.
That's the delusion of power.
The illusion of temporal power
is the longer you have it,
the more you think you're in
control, which is a fatal flaw,
all right?
Now, when they started
moving off of gold,
they went to SDRs in the '70s.
That was going to solve it.
It didn't.
>>REGINA: Explain SDRs.
>>DARRYL: That is a deposit--
received depository
of gold, all right?
And they were going to use
that to float it around
in their game to have
a quasi system backed
by gold because officially
they pulled it out.
Didn't work.
Regina, what they're doing today
isn't going to work either.
They don't have any answers.
That's why it's
going off the rails.
>>REGINA: It seems
to me like it's
just a desperate land grab right
now for any kind of profits
anybody can make anywhere.
>>DARRYL: Anything,
anything, anything.
People are feeling
that desperation
of the games going, all right?
So it's happening, all right?
Because I heard the reset
coming real early from the crowd
that I talked to.
You know, and the
crowd that I talked to
has gotten small
because they figured out
that I'm not one of them.
There are few people out
there in the money thing
that still listen to me.
They listened to
me in the beginning
because I was able to explain
the game of money in a way
better than most could explain
it and what was going on.
>>REGINA: You do.
>>DARRYL: All right?
But because I'm a--
I got this other side.
>>REGINA: Hippy thing.
Love thing.
You got this love
thing going on.
>>DARRYL: I got this love
thing going in the background
and about God.
People used to say,
hippies were out--
drugs, sex, and rock and roll.
>>REGINA: Worked for you.
>>DARRYL: Granted.
But they forgot about God.
That was the deepest
thing of all.
And that's why we went-- that's
why we started meditating.
That's why the thing
about India came in.
>>REGINA: Trying to
develop a connection.
>>DARRYL: Because
we knew it wasn't--
that God had nothing
to do with belief.
You could believe this.
You could believe-- you
can believe anything.
But when it came to God,
when it came to spirit,
it was experience.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: And we knew that
the experience was real
and everything else
was an illusion.
>>REGINA: Right.
So I want to get back
to one thing you just
mentioned a moment ago.
When you were in
prison, it was--
because you had a population
of powerless people.
>>DARRYL: Powerless people.
>>REGINA: So rumors everywhere.
>>DARRYL: Rumor.
Everything.
>>REGINA: So I
was interviewing--
>>DARRYL: Internet.
Social media.
>>REGINA: I was interviewing
Carl Calleman recently
who does Mayan cosmology.
He's quite good at it.
>>DARRYL: Right, right, right.
>>REGINA: And he goes through
the waves of it, right?
And he said, in this
particular wave,
we've now passed the halfway
mark on a dissenting wave.
400 years, mini cycles
of consciousness.
And what happens at that
point is when conspiracy
takes over societies.
And once conspiracy is solidly
embedded in the culture,
that is the beginning of
the end of the culture.
Because mistrust is rampant.
>>DARRYL: And you know,
there was another book.
I don't know if you've seen it.
It's called "The
Fourth Turning."
It's wonderful.
Steve Bannon and I
both have read it.
Steve Bannon
absolutely believes it.
So do I. I had a different
conclusion than he did.
And I watched it.
It's like people
reading the Bible.
You know how people come
to different conclusions
about what's going to happen.
And what they said
in there-- they
wrote-- also it came
out the same year
that David Hackett Fischer did.
1996.
And they said, after the--
sometime in the new millennium
a great crises is going to
overtake the nation as it
has done three times before.
The first one was the
Revolutionary War.
They come in 70, 80 years.
The next one was a Civil War.
The third one was the Twin
disasters-- twin crises
of the Great Depression
and World War II.
And they said right up
ahead we'll get another one.
Cycles.
You're into cycles?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARRYL: OK.
And they said, there's going
to be a tremendous mistrust
of official institutions--
>>REGINA: Where we are.
That's where we are.
>>DARRYL: There
could be a Civil War.
All these things are
going to happen, it said.
But then it said
there is going to--
out of this-- it's going to
last for probably 20 years.
Out of this is going to come a
new realization, an atonement
and recognition of recent
mistakes, and a coming
together.
Well, we're not
come together yet.
But I want to talk about why
the belief about the reset
is and the loss of control.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>DARRYL: In 1985--
OK?
In 1985, there was a
book that came out.
It was channeled.
Series of seven books.
From '84 I was in prison
for seven years time in.
10 year sentence, time in, 7.
Seven books were channeled.
One for each of my years.
I read those books
with a, probably, focus
that I wouldn't have
had on the outside.
>>REGINA: What were they?
>>DARRYL: It was called
"Right Use of Will."
>>REGINA: Oh God, what
an incredible subject.
>>DARRYL: OK?
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARRYL: And
"Right Use of Will."
And what it said
in the introduction
is that we know that many
of you believe that spirit
is a part of divine spirit.
And only if your
will behaved the way
you would want it
to do you would have
what you would want to have.
Let me tell you, your will
is a part of divine will
as much as your spirit is a
part of the divine spirit.
The only problem with your
will is how you've treated it.
Your will manifests to
you as your emotions.
And because of the
evolution of life,
many emotions have
been triggered
in response that are anger,
rage, fear, abandonment, loss
that you don't want to feel.
And so you denied these.
It says, let me tell you, those
feelings are a part of you.
And if you continue to
deny them, they will die,
and so will you.
He said-- God said,
I've given you
your wills to show you the way,
to care and to protect for you.
But because you have isolated
yourselves from your feelings
to such a degree that they no
longer perform that function.
The reason why you
even see scary movies
is to feel any emotion at all.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: You've
tapped them all down.
He said, the thing is is that
you need to let them out.
You need-- not to do
what the necessary-- some
of your feelings wants
you to kill somebody.
Don't do what your feelings
want you to do, but feel them.
>>REGINA: Acknowledge them.
>>DARRYL: Acknowledge
them and feel them.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: Because
then what happens
is you're sitting
on what we believe
is a powder keg of dynamite,
but that powder keg,
these books said, is your
life force, is your chi,
is your energy.
And the reason why people--
getting back to the reset--
are feeling a loss
of control and power
in their lives and the reason
why this has been reflected
back to them in their personal
lives is because of the way
they've treated their feelings.
Let me assure you that if you
accept your feelings for what
they are, the power
to navigate what
is about to happen
to the Earth will
be sufficient to take care
of you and lead you to safety
and give you the
life that you want.
>>REGINA: That's beautiful.
And it makes sense because
if you have that corruption
in your own base--
>>DARRYL: On your own dynamic.
>>REGINA: --and on
your own dynamic.
And it's-- I mean, if you
trace back why you're angry,
if you're trying to tamp
down anger-- no, no,
I'm going to meditate
my anger away--
no, I think it's
necessary to trace back
the feeling of the
anger and where
it came from because sometimes
it might be righteous anger.
And it's something so
unfair that you don't even
know why you're angry anymore.
>>DARRYL: Regina,
let me tell you
how this book-- this is what
the universe set me up as.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: I'm Chinese.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>DARRYL: And we know-- you know
my joke about Chinese culture
used to be?
I would say this and
people would get horrified.
Do you know there's
not even a character
in the Chinese
language for emotions?
That was a lie.
>>REGINA: I was going to say
that would have to be a lie.
>>DARRYL: That's a lie.
Because the Chinese
are so tapped out.
>>REGINA: Yeah, but how's
that going to manifest?
>>DARRYL: Because they
don't allow it to come out
until it is overpowering.
The Chinese culture
is a yin culture.
It's a feminine culture.
And they had-- the
control issues in China
have totally taken control of
it and shut the emotions down.
That's why Mao Zedong's
Cultural Revolution
was so violent because
what it was up against was
2,000 years of just--
>>REGINA: Repression.
>>DARRYL: --repression,
all right?
And it had to breakthrough.
Millions died.
Millions.
And now you have more
Chinese female billionaires
than you have male
billionaires, all right?
But no women are in the
Chinese party power structure.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: So it
only went so far.
So unless they allow
it to go further,
they're going to lock it down.
And in our own lives,
we're going to do that too.
And this is where the
lesson came to me, OK?
After hearing those words that
I'm using my thought to create,
10 year prison, bust.
Then when I got to prison,
I threw the I Ching,
I said, can I do
affirmations now?
They said, sure, go ahead.
Why?
Because I was now
where I had to own it.
The "Right Use of
Will," I think,
was supposed to come into me.
And I'm sitting
there reading it.
>>REGINA: Critical.
>>DARRYL: What I just
told you in a nutshell.
And then it said--
and it talked about
emotions and feelings.
And it said, if you are in
a place not to your liking,
perhaps you should
ask yourself why.
You know, Regina,
or in a situation.
You know, I hate my
job, I hate my-- no.
I had a 10-year sentence
in front of me, all right?
So I closed my eyes.
I asked, why am I here?
And the words came immediately.
You have feelings
of powerlessness.
Well, I could have justified
it day in and day out.
My father is a Capricorn.
I'm an Aquarian.
He wanted me to study,
do everything right.
I had no time to myself.
But I wasn't in justification.
I was into going, holy smokes.
If I had feelings
of powerlessness
and I didn't want to feel
them-- because who wants to feel
powerlessness, you know?
Who wants to feel that way?
And did everything I could so
he didn't have to feel them.
But what they did was
create a situation where
I was forced to feel powerless.
Get up.
Go to sleep.
Years being told what to do.
That's powerlessness.
And I thought, my God, if that's
what I did with my feelings,
I better learn another way
of dealing with my feelings.
You talk about
getting the gospel?
I got the gospel.
>>REGINA: OK, so this is
leading me in many directions,
none of which we planned
on talking about.
But I think it's important.
So here you have
these large cycles.
You have these large
masses of people.
You take cosmic cycles.
Add those in.
And here we're in a
time of, as you say,
the end of the
Victoria equilibrium,
which is mounting in
all these pressures
and stresses that
we're already seeing.
Then astrologically, people
who cast the nation's chart
say America is now on
the descent in terms
of America's natal chart power.
China is on the rise in
terms of their natal power.
How does this all
square in the end
when the thing about America
that drew a lot of people to it
was this incredible
creativity, the Wild West,
a lot of expression of emotion?
And so a lot of people wanted
to be in on the feelings of--
>>DARRYL: Freedom.
>>REGINA: --being in America.
>>DARRYL: Expansion.
>>REGINA: Expansion.
>>DARRYL: Expansion and freedom.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Now, all that ended
globally more or less.
The feelings of
that and pretty much
globally with the
years of COVID,
but we're all coming out of it.
What happens when the
power then is transferred
to a population who has
not had a chance to express
their feelings?
Are they going to go through--
in China, in your opinion,
an emotional revolution?
Is it going to-- are
they going to overthrow
this way of-- what's
going to happen there?
>>DARRYL: A poem came to me.
Confucius, Mao, Deng, Xiaoping.
It all adds up to
the same damn thing.
Chinese people afraid to speak.
Beaten down, oh, so meek.
3,000 years of history.
3,000 years of tyranny.
China will remain corrupt
until the dragon rises up.
But deep inside of China's soul
lives a dragon without a role.
Yin and yang, each a pull.
Each a part of a greater whole.
>>REGINA: Oh, what
a beautiful poem.
What's the dragon?
>>DARRYL: Your emotions.
The true source of
power of all of us.
The feminine power that
powers the masculine creation
of paracreation.
It's a balance.
And it's going to
happen to them like it's
going to happen to our country.
There's rebalancing going
on in each one of us.
The godsend of this is
that we're not in control.
The godsend to me
is that the control
is that at a much higher level.
>>REGINA: Much higher, yeah.
>>DARRYL: And much deeper that
most of us aren't aware of.
And I only have a glimpse of--
I only have a glimpse of it.
And you know-- and to
me, I can rest my hat.
I can rest my life, I
can rest my love on it.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
all of the thoughts and ideas
that, you know, some
central key players
we all know the names of are
gaining increasing control
and we're turning into
a more digital culture
to say nothing of the fact that
in the world of entertainment,
the most popular theme coming
up and rising big time right now
is AI.
>>DARRYL: For pure definition,
in my scheme of things,
I will use the
reset not in terms
of the monetary reset which
is futile, like spitting
in the ocean.
I understand their need
and their desperation.
And I understand the
futility of them doing so.
But what I'm talking about is
the reset with a capital R,
all right?
It's like I told
Martha last night,
I said, I should get a t-shirt
that says self-conscious
but with a big S. That's what
I'm trying to get, all right?
I was born into
self-consciousness
with a small S. I'm just
trying to keep the same term
but put a big S there.
So the reset at
the highest level
is going to take all of
these things, all right?
And we don't have to
worry about the details.
I mean, in fact, worrying
about the direction of it,
of where it's going, is
counterproductive in my book.
It's understandable.
But it was just like when
I was going to prison.
I hadn't gone to
trial, all right?
And I'm facing-- when the feds
made a deal was for 20 years.
My lawyer who I had-- one of
the top lawyers in the-- they
made a documentary
about her called
"Penny," the documentary.
PBS.
Shout out to Penny, all right?
She took my case for free.
And the guy they were after
was going to pay her millions.
She never told me.
It's not even-- she took my case
for free because she knew me.
And she said, Darryl,
they've offered
20 years if you plead guilty.
I said, Penny,
that's like they're
offering to shoot me below
the waist if I stand still.
>>REGINA: No thank you.
>>DARRYL: That's no deal at all.
>>DARRYL: Well, because
I had Penny as a lawyer,
I got 10 instead of 20.
But before the sentencing
I was in that state.
There was another book called
"God Calling," all right?
And it was on Bucky Fuller's
nightstand when he died.
And it was channeled
to two women
during the Great Depression.
And they were magnificent words.
And what it said--
I'm reading it.
It said, it's like
you were on the deck
of a ship in tremendous storms.
And the power of the ship goes
up and all you see is sky.
And then the wave breaks and
all you see is the water.
It says, you don't know
what's going to happen.
You're not in control.
And that's why
you're freaked out.
Give me today.
Give me tomorrow.
Just be.
And that allowed me
to let go of thinking
about am I going to get 20?
Am I going to get 30?
Am I never going to see anybody?
I never thought about
not seeing my friends.
I mean, I went over and--
Rebecca, she's nine years old.
I'm not going to see
her for a long time.
And it was her birthday
party and I sat there
and I thought, well, maybe
I should go and be with her.
She's playing with her friends.
No, just watch her.
>>REGINA: Let her be.
>>DARRYL: Let her be.
She went to the
Sorbonne in Paris.
And so I did.
And those are words
that you can take
to the bank in these
times, that there's
a reset coming but the
reset is at a level
that most people
don't believe it.
Most people don't
believe in that reset.
And for the people who don't
believe in it, I want to say,
I understand your disbelief
because if the things that
happened to me in my
life hadn't happened,
I wouldn't believe it either.
Regina, I would not
believe this stuff
I believe because
it's so improbable.
It's so at odds with what I
believed to be true before I
took my first hit of acid.
>>REGINA: I think that
this audience is--
I mean, we have a
fabulous audience
watching this right now.
And there are people
who really are
trying to discern what is simply
to be able to be in a position.
If it's surrender,
be in surrender.
If it's prepare a little
bit on the material plane
so you can eat
for a little while
longer if things
go really badly.
First of all, let's go to
physical survival needs.
In your opinion, in
the times coming up--
we didn't get a chance
to go through the cycles
of hyperinflation we're in,
but we're in all of them.
>>DARRYL: We're in all of them.
>>REGINA: All the
telltale signs are there.
It's going to go down.
It's only a matter of when.
>>DARRYL: It's going to go down.
>>REGINA: So what should
people do on a physical level
right now?
And then we'll talk spiritually.
>>DARRYL: You know, the
wonderful thing about this--
and because we're talking
about a collective reality.
>>REGINA: Yes, experience.
>>DARRYL: That involves
people in New Guinea that
never went to high school.
It's going to affect them.
>>REGINA: This is a global--
>>DARRYL: This is
a global experience
because we're all consciousness.
We're all parts
of it, all right?
And it's expressing and
experiencing itself through us
at the same.
It never abandoned us.
But once we forgot about
it, we lost all sight of it.
And to replace that
vision and the experience,
we were told a lot of
stories, all right?
One of the sayings
is, your children know
not the love of your heart.
The children are not your face.
They pray to the image
they put in your place.
This is what it is.
Most people are just playing
around with their stuff.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARRYL: But in their own
world, believer and nonbeliever
alike, I know that
light still exists.
And you could quiet yourself
if you can during these times
because you must.
In the most momentous of times,
in the most volatile times,
it is more important than ever
that you can quiet yourself,
all right?
And in that quiet you can
ask, what should you do?
It's better than asking this
nutty acid hippy Chinaman
who went to prison for a while.
I could say some things.
>>REGINA: I mean, there are
common things that we've talked
about things like--
if you're going to
have any assets,
to allocate them to things
that are of true value.
>>DARRYL: Gold and silver.
Gold and silver.
They will make it through.
>>REGINA: Get a little cash.
>>DARRYL: They'll
make it through.
I don't think-- I don't
believe Bitcoin will.
I believe that a crypto may
make it through, but not
in any current form.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: Not that it won't have
value, but in terms of money,
we're the enemy--
>>REGINA: Well, and the
Chinese went all down on gold.
They've got a lot of gold.
>>DARRYL: There were
two or two experiences
on the planet when money
as we know it disappeared.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARRYL: One was
in China after 1661.
When I said they
outlawed fiat, all right?
The Qing dynasty came in, and
they were told by the people,
oh, this is--
They looked at it
and they go, no, OK?
Sixth generation on the books.
Yeah, we'll make it illegal.
What happened in
China was silver
became the medium of exchange.
Not issued by the state.
And in fact, in
my friend's book--
Ralph Foster.
Brilliant book if
you want to read it.
It's brilliant.
It's probably the
best book on gold
that rarely mentions it because
it's the best book on fiat.
And he goes back
to the beginning.
>>REGINA: What's his name again?
>>DARRYL: Ralph Terry Foster.
Ralph T. Foster.
>>REGINA: Foster, OK.
>>DARRYL: Called "The
History of Fiat".
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARRYL: The History of
our Money, whatever it is.
So what happened is, before
the Brits came along,
from 1661 to 1748 were
the First Opium War.
That is approximately
100, 120 years,
which is a decent is of time.
Longer than you and I--
either of us is going
to be on this planet.
The functioning currency
in a very large country
was pure silver.
Nothing else.
Pure silver.
And Ralph said in his book
is that, kids, they knew.
They knew.
Little ingots-- tails.
They call them tails.
Little melted down
things of silver, OK?
And the only other
instance I know
when they had a complete
collapse of fiat
I only found out
about last month
when I was talking to a
friend of mine from Vietnam.
>>REGINA: What?
>>DARRYL: Gold in Vietnam.
When Vietnam fell to the
communists, when all the money
went out, when it was in--
Now, before it fell to the
communists but after it
started falling
and it was chaos.
They had hyperinflation and the
dong went to billions to what.
Gold became the currency.
>>REGINA: Currency.
So still to this day,
although you can read
every point of view on this--
>>DARRYL: Sure.
>>REGINA: --the
fact is you still
have something physical that
has value that you can use.
>>DARRYL: In times of chaos.
>>REGINA: In times of chaos.
>>DARRYL: A safe haven.
>>REGINA: Safe haven.
And what about cash when
you're talking Fiat?
>>DARRYL: Until the--
I made a--
I'm the beneficiary
of Antal Fekete.
He was like a mentor to me.
And he introduced me--
through him I met this kid
who's the most brilliant-- one
of the most brilliant people
I've ever--
Sandeep Jaitly.
And we were talking
about this last week
and we were talking
about money and assets.
And he said, you
know, Darryl, he said,
I know you're not going
to agree with me on this.
And he said, where would you
put your extra floating fiat?
US Treasury.
And I said, no, I agree
with you because the US
dollar is going to go down.
But until fiat goes
down, it's going
to be the last man standing.
>>REGINA: That's what I have
read from many quarters.
>>DARRYL: It's going to
be the last man standing.
>>REGINA: The last man standing.
>>DARRYL: But the
last man standing
is going to be on his
knees and then on his back
and then in the ground.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>DARRYL: So after
fiat collapses,
your treasure are
going to be worth--
I don't know what they're
going to be worth.
Maybe they make
them worth something
because they're trying
to salvage something.
But they're not
going to be worth
what they were the day
before fiat collapses.
So that's all I'm saying
between then and now.
>>REGINA: So maybe have a
little silver and gold around.
>>DARRYL: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Maybe have a
little bit of cash around.
>>DARRYL: Yeah,
have cash around.
>>REGINA: And what about us?
>>DARRYL: We don't know how
long this is going to last.
>>REGINA: Each other?
I mean, it's really
the spiritual component
that is the Great
Reset of coming
to learn to rely on one another
in very real ways again,
coming back together in
community and collaboration
instead of competition.
Isn't that part of it?
>>DARRYL: You know,
Regina, I mean,
it gets really personal
that I should probably
be less angry, more accepting,
more tolerant, and kinder
to people.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>DARRYL: And we all
should in these latter days
because we're all parts of it.
And that's what it wants
us to be to each other.
Because it knows
it and we don't.
It knows it and we've forgotten.
And if there's any
purpose to this collapse
is perhaps that we're going
to remember a little bit
and then a little more
until I recognize the you
is the I am that I am too.
>>REGINA: And on that,
we'll say goodbye.
Darryl, thank you so much.
I love your passion.
I love the extremes
of your experience
so you can reflect back to us.
I love the story of power, what
power is and where it isn't.
And when you've had none, you
really know what that means.
And then to reflect
it to these guys that
feel they're at the top and in
control of the show that they
truly don't have power
either because we've
entered more mega cycles that
are far beyond their control.
But we still have
a place within it.
Thank you so much, Darryl.
>>DARRYL: Thank you,
Regina, for giving me
this forum that I never ever
thought I would ever have.
>>REGINA: I love it.
And so, until next time,
thank you so much, Darryl.
You can go to DrSchoon.com to
learn more about Darryl's work
and his upcoming
book he mentioned
called "Docking at
the Mothership."
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open minds."
[THEME MUSIC]